http://www.public-domain-poetry.com/clement-clarke-moore/twas-the-night-before-christmas-26512


1: Somewhere there is a christmas poem, in a single command list all files in the current directory
2: Send a command to display the contents of the file
3: Count the number of lines that contain the string "St. Nicholas"
4: Display all lines that end with a `!`
5: Create a copy of the christmas poem
6: Move the christmas poem to a new file, named ...
7: Delete the christmas poem
8: Remove all of the text in the poem, without removing the file
9: Display the first 9 lines of the poem
10: Display the last 9 lines of the peom
11: Create a symlink named christmas-poem that points to the poem
12: Remove the newlines between paragraphs

---
On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me
A list of files in the directory tree

On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Two lines a-laughing

On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Three lines at the beginning

On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Four lines at the end

On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Five lines that start with "The"

On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Six lines that are exciting

On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Seven files that start with Santa

On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Eight Elves in Santa's Workhop/

On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Nine names of Santa's reindeer

On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Ten lords by their names sorted

On the eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Eleven lines that pipers are ♫ piping ♫

* On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Twelve Days of Shell on the terminal!
---

On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
Twelve days of Shell on the terminal
Eleven lines with pipers ♫ piping ♫
Ten lords by their names sorted
Nine names of Santa's reindeer
Eight elves in Santa's Workhop/
Seven files that start with "Santa"
Six lines that are exciting!
Five lines that start with "the"
Four lines at the end
Three lines at the beginning
Two lines a-laughing
And a list of files in the directory tree



'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house
Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;
The stockings were hung by the chimney with care
In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there;

The children were nestled all snug in their beds,
While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads;
And mamma in her kerchief, and I in my cap,
Had just settled our brains for a long winter's nap,

When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,
I sprang from the bed to see what was the matter.
Away to the window I flew like a flash,
Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.

The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow
Gave the lustre of mid-day to objects below,
When, what to my wondering eyes should appear,
But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny reindeer,

With a little old driver, so lively and quick,
I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,
And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name:

"Now, Dasher! now, Dancer! now, Prancer and Vixen!
On, Comet! on, Cupid! on, Donder and Blitzen!
To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall!
Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!"

As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly,
When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky;
So up to the house-top the coursers they flew,
With the sleigh full of Toys, and St. Nicholas too.

And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof
The prancing and pawing of each little hoof.
As I drew in my head, and was turning around,
Down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a bound.

He was dressed all in fur, from his head to his foot,
And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot;
A bundle of Toys he had flung on his back,
And he looked like a peddler just opening his pack.

His eyes--how they twinkled! his dimples how merry!
His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a cherry!
His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow,
And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow;

The stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth,
And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath;
He had a broad face and a little round belly,
That shook when he laughed, like a bowlful of jelly.

He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf,
And I laughed when I saw him, in spite of myself;
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head,
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread;

He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work,
And filled all the stockings; then turned with a jerk,
And laying his finger aside of his nose,
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose;

He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
And away they all flew like the down of a thistle.
But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight,
"Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good-night."
